what's going on everyone you did it you
made it to video number eight
the last video in my eight part series
on impactful communication
on social media for those of you who
watched the previous videos i hope you
enjoyed them we talked about
facebook and linkedin and instagram
we talked about twitter and youtube and
brand new apps like
clubhouse and i guess it's not brand new
but tick tock which is newish
and i know i promised you eight
different social media networks and tips
on each of those networks
of how you can be a more impactful
communicator but this eighth video
is a little bit different because i
believe that there are some of you who
need to hear
this message and that is this there are
a lot of social media networks out there
but just because i named a lot like
facebook and linkedin
and all of these different networks i
don't think you
have to be on all of them
it can get overwhelming some of you
maybe who are brand new to social media
in general might be thinking
i don't know where i'd get started we'd
mention twitter and youtube and
clubhouse and tick tock and i'm not on
anything or i'm only on facebook and how
on earth am i going to have time to post
on all of these different networks
and if that is your situation i don't
think you should be
on all of those networks sure in theory
the more social media networks you are
on the more people you can reach
absolutely but what happens much more
often
is that we hear that we should be in all
of these different places we should be
on linkedin and we should be on twitter
and we should be on youtube and we
should
and the list goes on so we try we create
accounts
in all of these spaces but we end up
doing
a somewhat lackluster job everywhere
instead of doing a really good job on a
couple
social media platforms and if i have to
choose between the two
and if you have to choose between the
two i would suggest that you pick
the latter choose a couple social media
networks and get those
dialed in figure out what you have to do
to produce
great content on those platforms and
focus
on your audience there be responding to
comments that you receive
ensure that you're giving that audience
the attention and the love and the great
content they deserve
and then once that's comfortable once
you've got that
locked down sure then start adding in
other platforms other networks but don't
start off by creating all of these
accounts and trying to do
everything everywhere and then
overwhelming yourself
because the result is that you probably
are just going to want to give up
and not do anything anywhere rather than
focusing in and delivering great content
so that is my simple message to wrap up
this series because
there are a lot of different networks
and i hope that these videos resonated
to those of you
who are comfortable with those other
platforms and maybe those who
are already comfortable who had heard
about something like clubhouse and
thought
okay that's one that i could challenge
myself with and i'm not going to be
overextending myself by challenging
myself to do that so it's got to be that
balance push yourself a little bit like
anything with life you always want to be
striving to do
better to be more impactful in your
communication
however don't put yourself underwater
with so much stress
to be delivering on all cylinders on all
of these platforms
because it's going to be an
unsustainable way to go about you want
to make sure
that you can be strategic but do
something that is actually something
that you can achieve a goal that is
achievable
because if you set something that is so
far beyond that you have no chance of
accomplishing
you may end up doing nothing i hope this
series was beneficial to you the various
tips we talked about
i hope that you have gotten value out of
it if you have please subscribe to my
channel
i love talking about impactful
communication
and ways that you connect with people on
a deeper level whether it's on social
media whether it's in person
things like taking information from
social media and doing something with it
offline to be more meaningful that is
what i love that's what i'm passionate
about
if you know somebody who could have
benefited from some of the videos in
this series
make sure and let them know about these
videos
send them links to them i would super
appreciate it
super appreciate yeah we'll go with that
i would super appreciate it
and comment below like the video
engage with me let me know what are on
you what is on your mind or maybe some
things that i missed throughout this
series
also let me know future series other
content you would like me to do
i am focusing on eight part series
throughout the year of 2021 i'm hoping
to do 12 of them
we'll see how that goes but i appreciate
all the love and support
and we'll catch you on the next series